

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Federico Quiros <fred@vrbmarketing.com>
Date: Fri, Apr 20, 2012 at 9:10 AM
Subject: FW: Hi Fred
To: katvrbmarketing@gmail.com


FYI.

 

 

 

From: Harvey Ascher [mailto:harve44@gmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, April 19, 2012 3:15 PM
To: fred@vrbmarketing.com
Subject: Hi Fred

 

Hi Fred

I removed WagerWeb just yesterday
when I saw the banner I had was linking to
"sportsbettingonline.com?"

And when I look at all the banner coding it seems to indicate the same.

So please let me know what thats all about.

Just takes a few minutes to put banners and write-up back on front page
so no problem there

Thanks
Harvey

On Apr 19, 2012, at 1:46 PM, Fred Q. wrote:

Hi Harvey!


Hope this email finds you well. It's been awhile since we spoke last time. I've been trying to catch up with you on Skype but no luck. I want to chat with you about how are things going with the current advertising campaign for WagerWeb on your site. I see that you have received a decent amount of clicks and impressions,; although, none had registered. Therefore, I am very concern about you missing potential depositors. I also see you are not advertising us at the front page any longer.

I know this time of the year is not the best to see results as the current sports might not kick it that hard, but I am very confident that we can definitely do better for you. It is just a matter putting together a different strategy. I will love to hear your comments and know your thoughts on how we could help you improve those conversions. What do you need to see your members more excited about our product?  I know the potential that your site delivers as we have seen it on the past at BetUS. Therefore, I want to get started and hopefully do whatever changes needed and try different things now so we can be prepared for next football season. Let me know your thoughts; if possible buzz me back on Skype.


Kind regards,


Fred


VRB Marketing
Skype: federico_quiros
Email: fred@vrbmarketing.com
1- 800-986-1152
					
	
